## [Proportion of ever-partnered women and girls subjected to physical and/or sexual violence by a current or former intimate partner in 2018, by age] (https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/dataportal/SDMXMetadataPage?5.2.1-VC_VAW_MARR)
As described in the title of the dataset, it's about the percentage of ever-partnered women and girls aged 15 years and older who have experienced physical, sexual or psychological violence by a current or former intimate partner, in the previous 12 months (only collected in 2018). It's sorted by both country and age(<15, and 15-49). It speaks directly to the problem of violence against women. The reported data is really surprising in how the percentage is different from country to country, and how common vilence against women is in some countries.
I imagine the project about this would be focusing on visualizing the universality and the intensity of violence against women. For example, using patterns like bruise to indicate the violence and visualize the data on a world map to see the universality of it.

## [Average number of hours spent on domestic chores and care work, by sex, age and location] (https://gender-data-hub-2-undesa.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/0c236890519846f08eeba126fd306d80/explore)
This dataset is about the average number of hours spent on domestic chores and care work, sorted by year, sex, country, age, and whether it's rural or not. Although it's a commonplace issue when it comes to gender equality, however, based on the data, we can still see whether this issue has improved over years and how it's different among different country and age.
I imaging the project to be like the advertisement of 1950s in western countries that are very sexist and a lot of which is based on housewifes' lives. Besides the style of it, I think I would focus on how male and female vary in the time they spent on domestic chores and care work.

## [Chinese Propaganda Posters] (https://chineseposters.net/)
This is a database of 3050 Chinese propaganda posters, sorted by theme and artists, and contains the information about their history, and the actual image of the poster. It's not a given dataset, but might need to be scraped (and maybe some machine learning in identifying the elements in the posters).
I think I would focus on visualizing the different theme of the propagandas, and pay special attention on how the propaganda is closely related to the politics throughout different historical periods. For example, there could be a timeline that contains all the historical events, and posters piled up on the historical event that it relates to.
